{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 INSTRUCTIONS FOR RUNNING GAME
\b0\fs24 \
\
1. go to: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.pygame.org/download.shtml"}}{\fldrslt https://www.python.org/downloads/ }}and 
\b install the 2.7.3 version (scroll way down)
\b0 .  After running the installer, you should have 
\b IDLE
\b0  in your All Programs folder in your start menu.  
\b Install the 32-bit Python version regardless of the type of your computer (due to complications with pygame).
\b0 \
\
2. Launch IDLE.  To test if Python was installed correctly, type in 
\b print 1+1
\b0  if it outputs 2, then Python has been installed correctly.\
\
3. go to: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.pygame.org/download.shtml"}}{\fldrslt http://www.pygame.org/download.shtml}} and download the 2.7 release of pygame for Windows (named 
\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
pygame-1.9.1.win32-py2.7.msi
\b0 )
\fs28 \cf4 \
\

\fs24 4. To verify that pygame is installed properly, type 
\b import pygame
\b0  into IDLE.  If this doesn\'92t result in any output, then you\'92re good.\
\
5. In IDLE, go to File > Open and click 
\b AntheaLiDDR.py \
\

\b0 6. Go to Run > Run Module (or press F5) to run the program.\
\

\b\fs36 NOTE:
\b0 \

\fs24 When running the game, there are two windows that pop up titled: 
\b *Python 2.7.13 Shell* 
\b0 and 
\b pygame window
\b0 . In order to close and stop the program, you must close the *
\b Python 2.7.13 Shell*
\b0  window and click \'93OK\'94 on the dialogue box that pops up.  For some reason, nothing happens when you just click the \'93X\'94 button.\
\

\b\fs36 HOW TO PLAY GAME:\

\b0\fs24 When the animated arrows roll across the screen, press your arrow keys at the moment the corresponding animated arrow matches up with the white arrow.  For example, if there\'92s a left pointing arrow moving across the screen, at the moment when the moving arrow matches up with the stationary white arrow, press the left arrow key on your keyboard.  \
As you get more accurate with your key pressing timing, your points will increase with every press!\
Press your space bar to pause the game.}